You are the president of the Tianlong Society
Then he misunderstood
It's all a misunderstanding.
I was just confused.
What about revenge?
My Jiang family is the Marquis of the Universe
You belong to a Tianlong Society
What did he do to me?
Ah!
Just came on the way
According to the instructions of the venue
You have acquired all the properties of your Jiang family
From now on, you should be in the universe of the Jiang family.
otherwise
Hahaha
What!
What wait for the ground
I was wrong, you must let me go
Yanyan, I didn't expect you to rise to the top
Shall we start over?
I am now
Only love like smoke
I want your Wang family to be together tomorrow.
Immediately move to Yunzhou
Otherwise don't leave for the rest of your life
It's over.
My Wang family is completely waiting for my mother to take it away
I want I want
I declare the wedding to continue
Someone miss
Will you marry me? I will